CQA Installing Proxy guide (#4932)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-smart-proxy-for-host-registration-and-provisioning.adoc

= Configuring {SmartProxy} for host registration and provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> Configure {SmartProxy} to register and provision hosts using your {SmartProxyServer} instead of your {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure {SmartProxyServer} to register and provision hosts through your {SmartProxyServer} instead of your {ProjectServer}.
```

Reviewer: Same here.
